What is the most challenging thing you experienced?
The most challening thing I experienced was using the isDigit function, one of the requirements for the
project was to make sure that invalid user input would not crash the program, I had tried to use the
isDigit method before and was successful but was not this time. I tried so many different ways (while
loops, typecasting, a combination of both) but I could not figure it out.

How did you overcome it?
To overcome my problem I asked professor John for help and thankfully he was able to give me a solution
which was to use the try/catch method and this was able to work very well for me. I was honestly draining
but I felt very accomplished after figuring it out.

Anything you would do differently given what you know now.
I think that my biggest issue was not spending enough time planning things through and just doing everything
on a whim. My design was not very well done (at least not enough for me to really understand how to trouble
shoot) I felt like I kept missing steps and had to keep on going back to fix things. Also I wish I had
spend more time overall on working on it (maybe during break lol)

Was it helpful to build on a project that you already built in lab?
It was but only a little. In one aspect it was nice because it felt like I had to do less work, but at
the same time I had to remember exactly what my code was doing. I do have the comments which is helpful
but at the same time keeping up with all the different variables at once was a bit confusing.

Are you becoming more comfortable with classes?
I'm definetly becoming comfortable with classes. I used 3 classes in my program this time which is more
than I have done before and I though that it was much more helpful than just using 2 classes. I had an
atm class that kept track of all accounts at once and I felt like keeping track of all them in the main
class would have been much more difficult.

How did you feel about arrays? Were there things about them that you would like to overcome?
I felt pretty good about arrays. I used arraylist which made my life like 10 times easier than if I had
just used arrays. I feel like I saved a lot of time using them instead of a plain array. Overall arrays
are pretty cool. I feel like I might have used an 2D array for my code if I had known about them ealier
but what's done is done lol.